Fix errors in 'cram test' chapter (#36)
melange-re/melange-for-react-devs: docs/burger-discounts/index.md

- Type inference is less effective inside functions that don't call other
  functions. In those cases, you can give the compiler more information:
  - Type annotate the function arguments
  - Use the full name for a value used inside the function
- The `Stdlib` module is opened by default
- Records are immutable

> - Use record copy syntax to copy a record while changing some fields on the

Reviewer: Maybe could be like this, to avoid saying "copy" a few times:

```suggestion
- Use record spread syntax to duplicate a record while changing some fields on the
```

Author: Great suggestion! Rephrased in https://github.com/melange-re/melange-for-react-devs/pull/36/commits/729143b7c05e009432d746242faee156e520cdc1

I was hesitant to call it "record spread syntax" at first, because in OCaml syntax there's no spread operator, but after a little consideration I think it makes more sense to just call it that since the target audience is JS developers.

  copy, e.g. `{...burger, lettuce: true, onions: 3}`
- OCaml doesn't allow you to ignore the return value of functions (unless the
  value is `()`), so you can use `Stdlib.ignore` to explicitly discard return
  values
- Runtime representations of common data types:
  - Variant constructor without argument ⮕ integer
  - Variant constructor with argument ⮕ JavaScript object

>   - Record ⮕ JavaScript object
>   - Array ⮕ JavaScript array
>   - `None` ⮕ `undefined`
>   - `Some(value)` ⮕ `value`

Reviewer: What about these? a bit slimmer:

```suggestion
  - Record → JavaScript object
  - Array → JavaScript array
  - `None` → `undefined`
  - `Some(value)` → `value`
```

Author: Thanks! They don't look good in the editor but these thinner arrows do look better on the actual page. Updated in https://github.com/melange-re/melange-for-react-devs/pull/36/commits/8f289acb228832aa0e626eb8344a194c466e0057
